The best approach to learning a new language is using it everyday, we all know that. That's how we learned our native language in the first place. So, one entertaining way of doing this is learning while reading, taking advantage of the fact that we spend a huge amount of time surfing the web.

Although there are some Firefox add-ons that allow language immersion, they are confusing and limiting. Instead of poorly translating single words or loose phrases from texts in your native language, it's far better to read texts in the language you're trying to learn, and then only to search those words that are difficult for you to understand and store them for later review using spaced repetition algorithms.

With Ankifox, adding words to Anki is like a breeze. You just need to select the word, right-click and choose "Add to anki". A new tab will open with both Ankiweb and your dictionary of choice.

Anki + Firefox = Ankifox, a dream come true.

How to use Ankifox:

1) Install Ankifox
2) Open a new tab, go to https://ankiweb.net/ and login. Close this tab. Firefox will log you in automatically next time you visit this page (as you'll do many times), so you won't have to do this anymore.
3) Click on the Ankifox icon. It should be placed in the top right toolbar. If you don't see it, go to the Firefox Menu > Customize and then drag and drop it.
4) Change the dictionary URLs with your favorite ones (dictionaries with a mobile version page are highly recommended). The place where the searched term should go must be indicated using %s. Don't forget to select the dictionary you want to use.
5) It's also important to specify the Note Type and Deck's name.
6) Finally, you can start surfing the web. Select a word or phrase you don't understand, right click on it and select "Add to Anki".

Remember: if you are going to add multiple words while you are reading an article it is highly recommended to leave the Ankifox tab open once you finished adding each word. This way, the Ankiweb site is not loaded every time and the whole process will be much quicker.

Note: advanced users can check Google Mobilizer if there's any trouble getting a mobile version of a particular dictionary. Before doing this, note that almost EVERY good dictionary has it's mobile version site.

Important: Ankifox can be more server intensive than using the traditional Anki desktop application, so please remember to donate to Ankiweb maintainers.